Hydropower generation in the U.S. is expected to increase by 5% in 2026 despite recent environmental setbacks caused by snow droughts in the West, per the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA).
In EIA’s April Short-Term Energy Outlook (STEO), the administration projects that hydropower generation will remain 1.8% below the 10-year average due to snow drought conditions in some states. In 2025, hydropower generation increased to 245 billion kilowatt-hours (BkWh), about 4 BkWh more than the record-low generation in 2024. This year, EIA expects hydropower generation will be 259 BkWh, which would represent 6% of U.S. electricity generation.
Precipitation in the West has been largely normal as of late, but record warm temperatures in the winter have led to snow drought conditions. Additionally, a March heat wave in the West led to early snowmelt in California, the Southwest, and the Northwest. Thus, EIA projects hydropower generation will be affected by a lower water supply in the spring and summer.
In the Northwest, where the Columbia River Basin contains more than a third of U.S. hydropower capacity, EIA expects hydropower generation to reach 125 BkWh, which would be a 17% increase compared with 2025 and 4% less than the 10-year average. EIA also noted that hydropower generation in December 2025 and January 2026 was “unusually high” due to a series of atmospheric rivers that caused flooding in the area.
In California, EIA expects hydropower generation to reach 28.5 BkWh, which would be 6% less than last year’s generation but 15% more than the 10-year average. At the start of April, levels in most of California’s major reseboirs were above the 30-year historical average for this time of year. California also experienced three consecutive weeks of no drought or “drier than normal” conditions, EIA added.
According to the California Department of Water Resources, snowpack conditions as of April 1 were below normal with Northern Sierra Nevada at 7%, Central Sierra at 25%, and Southern Sierra at 39%. Additionally, warmer-than-normal temperatures in March led to some early snowmelt across the state.