Finnish engine manufacturer Wärtsilä has signed two data center supply deals in Texas and Ohio.
In its first deal, the company signed an agreement to supply 412MW of natural gas-powered engines to an undisclosed hyperscale data center project in Ohio. The deal will see Wärtsilä supply 40 of its 34SG (spark gas) engines, representing the company's first deal within the data center space. The delivery of the engines is expected to be completed in 2028.
According to the company, the engine is ideally suited for the data center sector due to its modular nature and low water consumption, allowing for fast and easy deployment.
“This project underscores the confidence data center developers place in Wärtsilä’s engine technology to deliver fast, flexible power at scale. As AI and cloud demand accelerate, operators need energy solutions that are efficient, resilient, and available on their timeline - not the grid’s. Wärtsilä provides that foundation, delivering dependable, high-performance power that scales as quickly as its infrastructure. The customer chose Wärtsilä for its proven reliability, rapid deployment, and strong operational efficiency across diverse operating conditions,” said Risto Paldanius, VP, Americas at Wärtsilä Energy.
In its second deal, the company signed a 790MW supply agreement to power a data center facility under construction in Texas, USA. Wärtsilä will supply the data center operator with 42 50SG engines running on natural gas. The order was booked as intake by Wärtsilä in Q2 2026.
“Wärtsilä’s primary power solutions offer significant benefits to data center developers by providing continuous, reliable primary power while using significantly less water and fuel than traditional alternatives. Also, our power solutions ramp up quickly and offer a dependable and sustainable foundation for delivering power availability, which is vital for AI and cloud operators. Our modular engine power plants allow easy capacity scale-ups, making them an ideal choice for the fast-growing data center market,” said Anders Lindberg, president of Wärtsilä Energy and EVP of Wärtsilä.
The Wärtsilä equipment is scheduled for delivery in 2028, and the plant is expected to become fully operational in late 2029. This is Wärtsilä’s fifth data center-related order in the US and its first in Texas. Altogether, Wärtsilä has sold more than 2.4GW of power capacity for US data centers.
Comments