Indiana Governor Mike Braun has signed a Letter of Intent with the Indiana-based pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly to collaborate on a future pathway for nuclear energy solutions in Indiana, including small modular reactors and other advanced nuclear technologies.
A major component of Governor Mike Braun’s energy affordability agenda is bringing new power supply to the grid, including nuclear energy.
The purpose of the Letter of Intent between Lilly and the State of Indiana is to establish a framework for collaboration to explore and evaluate the technical, economic, regulatory, and environmental feasibility of nuclear energy solutions in Indiana. Additionally, the state will consider potential structures for future procurement and deployment, including potential public private approaches, ownership and operating concepts, and power purchase arrangements.
The parties hope to assess the potential of nuclear energy solutions in Indiana to provide baseload power for industrial, research, and community uses. Additionally, they hope the pilot will help identify potential pathways to comply with federal, state, and local regulatory requirements, in addition to opportunities to attract federal support, including funding programs and technical assistance. Finally, the pilot is intended to help evaluate the workforce and supply chain needs and opportunities in the region, including training and education partnerships.
During the pilot, the parties will collaborate on multiple phases of project development, including feasibility and planning for site screening and grid interconnection; technology evaluation to review advanced nuclear technologies like small modular reactors; regulatory and policy coordination to work with relevant agencies and identify potential policy actions that would support deployment; and workforce and economic development, including engaging with Indiana universities, community colleges, trade schools, and labor organizations.
“Indiana is leading on nuclear power, because more energy means lower energy prices for Hoosier families,” said Governor Mike Braun. “Today, I’m proud to enter into this partnership with Lilly to explore how we can collaborate on making Indiana the nation’s nuclear energy leader.”
Read the full letter of intent here.