Louisville Gas and Electric Company and Kentucky Utilities Company, subsidiaries of PPL Corporation, and Rye Development, a U.S. hydropower developer, are partnering up to bring pumped storage hydropower to Kentucky.
Situated in southeast Kentucky in Bell County on former coal mining lands, the $1.3 billion Lewis Ridge Pumped Storage Project, which is under development by Rye Development, would utilize pumped storage technology. Once constructed, it would be the first project of its kind in Kentucky and one of the first new pumped storage projects built in the United States in more than 30 years.
“The Lewis Ridge Pumped Storage Project is a compelling initiative to explore with Rye Development because it would be the first of its kind for Kentucky and would further diversify our flexible, sustainable power generation fleet supporting the commonwealth’s economic growth momentum,” said John R. Crockett III, President for LG&E and KU. “Pumped storage hydro has been used for decades around the world, and we’re proud to be part of an effort that could introduce it here in Eastern Kentucky.”
“Large-scale energy storage systems like Lewis Ridge not only strengthen the grid; they are significant long-term investments, providing economic benefits to communities and stabilizing energy prices for decades,” said Paul Jacob, CEO of Rye Development. “We’re excited to partner with LG&E and KU to advance the Lewis Ridge Pumped Storage Project in a region with a proud legacy of powering the nation.”
The eight-hour water battery could generate 266 MW of electricity daily. During periods of low electricity demand, excess energy is used to pump water from the lower reservoir to the upper reservoir. When electricity demand is high, the stored water is released, passing through turbines to generate electricity.
The project received its preliminary permit from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in 2022 and is currently pursuing its final license. LG&E and KU are performing an evaluation of the project and if proven effective, the utilities plan to then file a request with the Kentucky Public Service Commission for authority to further advance the project. Construction of the project could begin as early as 2027 with a commercial operation date of 2031.